hello and welcome to the kitchen I'm
Juliet come on Galina and today we're
going to make something super exciting
we are going to make some instant
magical ice cream what did the ice cream
say to the newspaper I don't know what
to ski you and your jokes
so all the things that we need to make
the ice cream we have box sugar some
vanilla extract some food colorings
we're gonna make two funky colors also
we've got some salt so I've got 300
milliliters of cold semi-skimmed milk
and so we now need to add a little bit
of vanilla so it tastes really nice what
color do you like to make the pink or
blue pink pink I thought you might say
that so here's some food coloring so I
need one tablespoon of sugar there we go
right so that's all your ingredients
we're going to doing a lot of shaking
when we do this we've got two bags to
stop the milk from leaking we're gonna
close the first bag Julie Van Exel on
here we do my one lip
so that's all of our milk sugar loads
even I'll color in there so now we can
get shaking and making okay so I'm gonna
go get the ice out the freezer and then
that's one for you and one for me would
you be able to hold that one up to me
again Delilah
thank you give it a smash on it yeah so
put your next one right that's a you but
you'll use it my buddy run in get it
right in there and then you'll put a
little bit more around the side right
okay so now this is the fun part we're
gonna add six tablespoons of milk salts
to each one of our bags and that's gonna
make the ice get super super cold but
it's also gonna melt very fast and then
you're ready to get your big muscles out
we're gonna shake it for ten to fifteen
minutes and that's gonna make this turn
into a magical instant ice cream you
want to pour the salt in them to me and
I'll hold this so they fit just all
around there you go and then you keep it
to something this one I will seal this
bag up done yeah that's definitely
closed you have to be quite must leave
the base but also you have to protect
your hands because these are gonna be
really cold so I've got some special
gloves so when you're doing this make
sure you wear gloves always your hands
or hands or eyes ready let's get shaking
baby on screen dongzi dongzi Martha
[Music]
so it's a good idea you can kind of tell
if it's ready because if we poke through
the bag we can feel the hot ice cream as
magically appeared I think you reckon
yours is ready yeah
yes so now it's time for the big moment
there's very little one magic
shall we mix it together and make it
look really cool okay it's get in the
bowls and we can eat it now you put that
in there and then how about some jazzy
sprinkles just to finish it off Cheers
[Music]
mmm good job nice mm-hmm for more fun
videos check out BBC cat food YouTube
channel
[Music]
[Applause]